"I just saw you walk out of the hall, I didn't think anyone survived," he began.
"Didn't think anyone could survive, for that matter."
"The rebels breached the inner gates, and confronted the Grandmaster directly."
"Our Speakers rushed to defend him, but they were overwhelmed."
"The Grandmaster drew their life from their each of their bodies, just before they would have been killed."
"He was like a hurricane, a force of nature."
"But even he could not hold them off forever."
"Earlier he had ordered me to hide out in this room, to scout the gathering forces."
"In the chaos, he forgot to give me permission to return."
You hear the sadness in his voice, and realize the implications of his words.
He had been ordered to remain in the destroyed Academy, and the Grandmaster was dead.
His Oath required nothing less than total obedience.
The adept's voice begins to shake.
"I watched," he continued, "as the Grandmaster realized the inevitability of his defeat."
"He spoke a single Word, and the entire Academy was consumed in flames."
"Without a direction, nor shape, it of course consumed him as well."
"So here I am, and here shall I remain."
He looked at you, and you saw the tears in his eyes.
"What were you ordered to do?" he asked.
You thought for a moment, and then remembered.
"I was ordered to return to the Grandmaster, and then to await further instructions..." you began.
But then you realized, the orders are only as strict as the recipient considers them to be.
"But he also talked about the importance of protecting the Codex from falling into rebel hands."
The adept nodded, and you saw the realization in his eyes.
"Then you must go," he said. "Given how damaged this whole building is, you could probably pry open the vault doors with a simple weapon. Here, take this."
He handed you a small dagger, emblazoned with the Imperial sigil, and you took it from him.
"I will not need it any longer."
Then, his voice grew softer.
"I suppose I do not need this <i>Fire<i/> any longer, either," he said.
Then, he cried "<i>Water Shield Away</i>!"
The flames around him dissipated, and he stood up.
"I cannot follow you, but my power can. Long live the empire! <i>Life Away</i>!"
You felt a surge of energy, and watched helplessly as the adept fell to the ground.
You had to carry on, for the Grandmaster, for the Codex, and for the Empire.
And, of course, because you have no other choice.